docs: add documentation for dockerd --feature flag (#5436)
docker/cli: docs/reference/dockerd.md

}
```

### <a name="feature"></a> Enable feature in the daemon (--feature)

The `--feature` option lets you enable or disable a feature in the daemon.
This option corresponds with the "features" field in the [daemon.json configuration file](#daemon-configuration-file).

> Using both the command-line option and the "features" field in the configuration
> file produces an error. The feature option can be specified multiple times

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A feature should only be configured either through the `--feature` command line option or through the "features" field in the configuration file.
Using both produces an error. The feature option can be specified multiple times
```

I was thinking we could be a bit more explicit here.
